Terms and Conditions for Real Estate Management App
Last Updated: 19-05-2025
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the Domexa (the "Service", "App") operated by Ribo ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users, and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you do not have permission to access the Service.
1. License to Use
We grant you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to download, install, and use the App strictly in accordance with these Terms for your personal, non-commercial real estate management purposes.
2. Data Storage and Responsibility
Local Storage: The App stores all data you input (including property details, unit information, renter information, lease details, payment records, expense records, images, and app settings) locally on your device. We do not have access to, nor do we collect or store, this data on any external servers.
Your Responsibility: You are solely responsible for the accuracy, legality, and appropriateness of the data you input into the App. You are also solely responsible for backing up your data. We are not responsible for any loss or corruption of data stored on your device. We strongly recommend that you regularly back up the data generated by the App using your device's backup features or by any export functionality provided by the App in the future.
No Cloud Sync: Currently, the App does not offer cloud synchronization or backup services. All data management, including backup and security of the local data, is your responsibility.
3. Acceptable Use
You agree not to use the App:
In any way that violates any applicable national or international law or regulation.
For the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any "junk mail," "chain letter," "spam," or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate us, another user, or any other person or entity.
In any way that infringes upon the rights of others, or in any way is illegal, threatening, fraudulent, or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, or harmful purpose or activity.
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the App, or which, as determined by us, may harm us or users of the App or expose them to liability.
4. Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content (excluding data provided by you), features, and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Ribo and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both Germany and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without our prior written consent.
5. User-Generated Content (Data and Images)
You retain any and all of your rights to any content you create, input, or store within the App (your "User Content"). By using the App, you grant us no rights to your User Content other than those necessary for the App to function locally on your device as intended. You are solely responsible for your User Content, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.
6. Termination
We may terminate or suspend your license to use the App immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever, including but not limited to a breach of these Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
7. Disclaimer of Warranties
The App is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The App is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or course of performance.
We do not warrant that:
a) The App will function uninterrupted, secure, or available at any particular time or location;
b) Any errors or defects will be corrected;
c) The App is free of viruses or other harmful components; or
d) The results of using the App will meet your requirements.
8. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Ribo, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the App; (ii: any conduct or content of any third party on the App; (iii) any content obtained from the App; and (iv) unauthorized access, use, or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Because all data is stored locally on your device, we are not responsible for any loss or corruption of such data. It is your sole responsibility to ensure backup and security of your data.
9. Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Germany, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
10. Changes to Terms
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, we will provide at least 15 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect by updating the "Last Updated" date of these Terms and/or by providing notice within the App or on its store listing. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
11. Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us:
By email: i3ogdan98@gmail.com
By visiting this page on our website: https://github.com/solovyanchuk/Domexa_official
